There was no way this could be the house that Jane had recommended. It was a mansion. The ground were a bit unkempt, but there were five floors on this building and it seemed like each room was as big as her old apartment. Reina check the address again. It lined up. Here goes nothing, she thought. She knocked on the door. Silence. Reina felt the nervousness creep in a little deeper. Maybe she should check the address one more time. Just as she was about to step off the stoop, the door swung open.
"Hi! Come on it! You must be Reina! I'm Ginger. Jane told me all about your situat- No! Go!" Ginger awkwardly tried to keep a small dog away from the door as they held the door open for Reina. They had a rattaill, overalls and combat boots on. Reina shuffled in quickly so Ginger could close the door and looked around.
"Holy shit."
The house was as intricate on the inside as it had been on the outside. Beautiful wooden molding everywhere, with all sorts of frills. The front door open directly into, what must be the living room, which was the biggest single room that Reina had ever been in, in a house. The size of the room was a bit lessened though, by all the stuff everywhere. Half finished paintings stacked against the walls, piles of books everywhere and a giant shelf being stained in the middle of a 3/4 quarter circle of mismatched sofas and couches. It was certainly messy, but obviously dirty and, regardless, Reina had certainly dated boys with much worse apartments.
Ginger smiled brightly at Reina. "Welcome to the Island of Misfit Toys! Isn't awesome! It's just me, Hank, Jo, and Andy here right now so we have plenty of space while you figure out what you wanna do in the long term."
Reina was still taking it all in.
"There's only 4 of you? How are you possibly paying rent?"
"Oh! My... uhhh... great-aunt is out of town on a trip and she asked me to take care of the place while she's gone."
"Your great-aunt?"
"Yeah! My great-aunt Mandy. She's vacationing around Europe, I guess?"
"So you have this place for free?"
"Yup! I mean she's paid off the house, so there's nothing else to take care of."
"Well, there's like property taxes and insurance at least."
"Oh? Yeah, I guess. I don't really know anything about that."
Reina felt an involuntary eyebrow go up, but she wasn't about to ask too many questions about what seemed an incredible upturn in luck. She had been pretty dead-set against roommates after her last roommate, but if this was the situation, maybe she could get used to it...
