"Oh no, not another one..." Reina looked up from her phone to see an older lady walking towards her with her groceries. For the past three hours, Reina had been trying to get in touch with her new landlord, who was supposed to meet her here, at her new house, to hand off the keys. As she stands up off the front door stoop, she feels a tinge of relief that hopefully someone can explain what's going on, though she's getting the feeling she's not going to like what she hears.
	  
"Have you been waiting here awhile?", the woman asks.
"I guess about three hours? Do you happen to know Mr. Wilfred?"
The old lady rolls her eyes. "I don't know any 'Mr. Wilfred' or 'Mr. Lee' or 'Mr. Stafford', but if I do ever meet him, God knows he's getting a piece of my mind."
She gestures to the house next door. "Well, why don't you come in for a bit at least. "
Reina hesitates for a moment. Is this crazy? Am I going to get murdered? But she's developing a sense that her predicament is so much more painfully mundane than that. She glances at her UHaul on the street. The lady calls out, "It'll be fine out here." before scuttling indoors.

She follows the lady into her home, which is delightfully kitsch in the way that only the homes of people who have lived long and happy lives are. She follows the woman into the kitchen, where the woman sets down her groceries and starts an electric kettle.

"There's no easy way to say it. You've been scammed. There's someone online who keeps listing the house next door for rent, but we can't seem to do anything about it. All the rental websites seem to require proof that we own the house whenever we report the listing. Why the hell you can list a rental without proof is beyond me."

Reina's heart sank. She suspected as much after the first hour, but hearing the confirmation was different somehow. She had already pored over all the obvious signs she had missed and blamed herself for being so stupid. With all that, plus the 6 hour drive she had just done, she didn't really even have the energy to cry anymore. But she did have energy to be pissed.

"Jesus Christ. So I guess this asshole picks up a new security deposit every few months and you have to take care of the starry eyed dumbass that shows up?"

The woman cackles. "Something like that I suppose, though it's not always me. The whole neighborhood knows about the problem so sometimes it's Henry or Joan, or Anna. I'm Jane by the way" - she goes ahead and shakes Reina's hand and keeps talking without waiting any type of response - "I wish we could have met under better circumstances, but it is nice to meet you. Care for some tea?"

Reina could feel the faintest hint of a smile tightening her cheeks, even as she rolled her eyes. "Sure, why the fuck not"
